Link "Complete multiple tasks" research to task list component (#3321)
alphagov/govuk-design-system: src/patterns/complete-multiple-tasks/index.md

## Research on this pattern

> This pattern was [originally developed by a team at the Government Digital Service (GDS)](https://designnotes.blog.gov.uk/2017/04/04/weve-published-the-task-list-pattern/). It was then iterated upon by a cross-government collaboration.

Reviewer: Mind if we highlight the old name and new location here?

Something like:

```suggestion
This pattern was previously named ‘Task list’ and was [developed by a team at the Government Digital Service (GDS)](https://designnotes.blog.gov.uk/2017/04/04/weve-published-the-task-list-pattern/).

It was then iterated by a cross-government collaboration and published as a new [task list component](/patterns/equality-information/) with updated guidance and research.
```

> See the [research on the component](/components/task-list#research-on-this-component) for details of research done, and known issues and gaps.

Reviewer: Probably again spell out that we're linking to the new component:

```suggestion
See the [research on the new task list component](/components/task-list#research-on-this-component) for details of research done, and known issues and gaps.
```
